Update meeting request response in 'Common responses' guide (#84)
alphagov/design-system-team-docs: source/support/communicating-with-users/common-responses.html.md

Teams from other organisations occasionally ask us to speak to them about the GOV.UK Design System. For example, teams in central and local government, the third sector and sometimes even the private sector.

> When we receive a meeting request, ask the team on Slack whether there's interest in talking to the organisation. If so, delegate the response to those person(s).

Reviewer: Minor housekeeping thing, as the 'meeting requests form' link has been removed in this change, you can remove its definition on line 584 of this file.

Author: Good spot!

If not, respond with this message:

> Thank you for taking the time to approach us with this request. Unfortunatley due to our current capacity we're unable to fulfill this request at this time. However we do have [resources available about our work](https://design-system.service.gov.uk/community/blogs-talks-podcasts/) which you may find useful.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Thank you for taking the time to approach us with this request. Unfortunately due to our current capacity we're unable to fulfil this request at this time. However we do have [resources available about our work](https://design-system.service.gov.uk/community/blogs-talks-podcasts/) which you may find useful.
```
